---
title: "AI section"
sidebar_label: "AI section"
---

### AI Section

The **AI Section** allows you to create fully customizable blocks generated by Shopify’s AI tools.
It includes all standard Wonder Theme layout settings, such as content alignment, spacing, and color options — but with the added flexibility to design and generate unique elements tailored to your store’s needs.

Use this section to experiment with AI-generated layouts, text, or image components, and instantly bring new creative ideas to life without coding.

## How to set up AI Section?

* **Add the AI section** to your template.
* **Add a block** and choose the **Generate** option.
* **Enter the instructions **for what content the block should generate, and wait for the AI to generate the results.



* If you are using multiple blocks, you can **adjust their layout** — including order, spacing, and alignment (**PLEASE NOTE:** some settings like text alignment or color may not take effect if the generated content overrides them).



## Main settings

**General**

* **Heading:** Set the title for the section to introduce the AI generated blocks section.
* **Make section full width**: Choose whether the section spans the entire width of the screen.

**Large screen version**

* **Content direction:** Choose whether blocks are arranged **vertically or horizontally**.
* **Alignment**: Set the **horizontal alignment** of blocks — left, center, or right.
* **Position: **Adjust the **vertical placement** of blocks** — top, center, bottom, **or** space between.**
* **Align text baseline: **Enable this option to **align text to the bottom** when using bottom alignment.
* **Gap: **Set the** spacing between blocks.Mobile version**

* **Content direction:** Choose whether blocks are arranged **vertically or horizontally**.
* **Alignment**: Set the **horizontal alignment** of blocks — left, center, or right.
* **Position: **Adjust the **vertical placement** of blocks** — top, center, bottom, **or** space between.**
* **Gap: **Set the** spacing between blocks.Colors**

* **Text color:** The 'Transparent' value is the default and subsequently inherits the value from the global settings.
* **Background color:** The 'Transparent' value is the default and subsequently inherits the value from the global settings.

**Section spacing**

* **Distance from the top** – Add spacing (in pixels) above the section to create breathing room.
* **Distance from the bottom** – Add spacing (in pixels) below the section for better layout balance
